fix(swift): Fixing Auth category for Gen2 (#7576)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/concepts/tokens-and-credentials/index.mdx

</InlineFilter>

## Token Revocation
<InlineFilter filters={["angular", "javascript", "nextjs", "react", "vue", "android", "flutter"]}>
Token revocation is enabled automatically in Amplify Auth. To revoke tokens you can set up global sign-out with `signOut({ global: true })` to globally sign out your user from all of their devices.
</InlineFilter>

<InlineFilter filters={["swift"]}>

> Token revocation is enabled automatically in Amplify Auth. To revoke tokens you can set up global sign-out with `await Amplify.Auth.signOut(options: .init(globalSignOut: true))` to globally sign out your user from all of their devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token revocation is enabled automatically in Amplify Auth. To revoke tokens you can invoke `await Amplify.Auth.signOut(options: .init(globalSignOut: true))` to globally sign out your user from all of their devices.
```
